it's me peewee
are you trying to drive me crazy I can't
understand a word you say it so make one
ready yet I guess whatever something I
want to say flattered and stopped me you
don't know anything about probably don't
well excuse me yeah yeah yeah it's me
peewee anyway well boom oh you dumb
prank our cuz you got a little peewee
it's a nasally playing phone call Wilson
I'll prove it they walk what
something I want to say do you promise
you won't laugh at me if I tell you
something good for you and your father
can't really talk about it you know
don't cereal don't wear it out anyway
Vasiliy name don't wear it out
are you we have
no what are you talking somebody done
were you what I did instead you're doing
damage to my death for year I should be
consulted
how about pre please oh please oh please
oh please
you same can't do anything it's not for
sale or you go for soil and I'll make
monkeys I just train